Seer product updates (#13953)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/ai-in-sentry/index.mdx

---
title: AI in Sentry
sidebar_order: 25
description: "Learn about Sentry's AI-powered features that help you analyze and debug your code faster."
---

> Sentry leverages artificial intelligence and machine learning to enhance your debugging and monitoring experience. Our AI-powered features help you understand issues faster, get automated fixes, and gain deeper insights into your application's behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry leverages artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) to enhance your debugging and monitoring experience. Our AI-powered features help you understand issues faster, get automated fixes, and gain deeper insights into your application's behavior.
```

## AI-Powered Features

### [Seer](/product/ai-in-sentry/seer/)

> Seer is Sentry's AI agent that provides intelligent analysis and automated solutions for your code issues. Seer combines issue detection, analysis, and automated fixing capabilities to streamline your debugging workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seer is Sentry's AI debugging agent that helps debugging errors and performance issues in your applications. Seer combines issue detection, analysis, and automated fixing capabilities to streamline your debugging workflow.
```

> - **[Issue Scan](/product/ai-in-sentry/seer/issue-scan/)**: Intelligent scanning and analysis of issues with actionability scoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Issue Scan](/product/ai-in-sentry/seer/issue-scan/)**: Scans issues as they are ingested in Sentry to determine an actionability scoring and run Seer's issue fix on them automatically.
```

> - **[Issue Fix](/product/ai-in-sentry/seer/issue-fix/)**: Automated root cause analysis and code fixes powered by AI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Issue Fix](/product/ai-in-sentry/seer/issue-fix/)**: Automated root cause analysis and suggested code fixes.
```
